Is there some broader understanding of how we should think about alien
intelligences than, um,
like little green men that, um, the,
you can maybe elaborate on and talk about?
Yes. This comes directly out of my research in Catholic history.
What I found was that let's take, for instance,
this idea of an angel. Okay. So we all think we know what an angel looks like.
Why? Well, we've been told what an angel looks like.
We see what an angel looks like. Uh,
throughout history people have painted angels and they all look pretty much the
same. Um, but actually if you go to the primary sources on, you know,
either in Hebrew or Greek or, you know,
in whatever language and in Latin,
and you look at experiences that people have talked about, you know,
where they've written down, their experiences about angels, um,
angels don't at all look like what we think. They,
they don't look like little cherubs with wings. They don't look like tall,
you know, strong anthropomorphic, you know,
human looking things. They don't, they look really weird.
And sometimes they don't look at all humanoid,
they look like strange spinning things, right. With like, you know,
eyes and things like that. They, they communicate telepathically with us. Okay.
So what does that mean for the idea of,
of extraterrestrials or what we consider the aliens? Like? Um,
do you think that they're first,
if we are, if, listen, it's, I'm not the first to say this.
If we're in contact with non-human intelligence,
we're most likely in contact with its technology,
because think about us. Um, do we send human beings to Mars yet?
Some people will say yes, but let's put that aside. So, no, we don't.
We use our technology, we send our rovers tomorrow's okay. Okay.
So if there's an extraterrestrial civilization, is it sending,
are they coming by themselves?
Are they coming to see us or are they sending their technology?
Most likely they either our technology or they are sending their technology.
Yeah.
There might be a gray area between what is technology and what the aliens are.
So, but you're saying like, um,
basically a robotic probe that would be the equivalent of us are human
civilization created technology.
Or w way more advanced than what we could believe to be appropriate.
All right.
It's kind of funny to think about like, if, uh, whatever, uh,
sort of, uh,
extra terrestrial creations of visited earth that we're,
we're interacting with some like dumb, crappy drone technology.
And we're like, like
we're like building like myths and so on from like an experience with some like
crappy drawing made by some crappy startup somewhere
when the actual intelligence is like something that much grander.
Um, yeah. That's, that's, that's the more likely, uh, situation.
That's what I like to tell people. I'm like, no,
it's probably a lot weirder than you think.
Yeah. Oh boy. So, uh, what,
what forms can it possibly take? So I really love this idea that, um,
I tend to be humble in the face of all of that. We don't know.
And I tend to believe that the form alien life forms would
take and the way they would communicate is much more
likely to be of a form that we can't even comprehend,
or perhaps can't even perceive directly. So like,
you know, uh, it could be in the space of, you know,
we don't understand most of how our mind works.
It could be in the space of whatever the heck consciousness is.
Like maybe consciousness itself is communication,
uh, with aliens or like, I don't know. Uh,
it could be just our own thoughts is actually the
alien life forms communicating. Like, I don't know all of that sounds crazy,
but I'm saying like,
I'm just trying to come up with the craziest possible thing that doesn't make
any sense that could very well be true.
And you can't say it's not true because we don't understand basically anything
about our mind. So it could be all of those things, uh,
everything from the hallucinations, all the things that are explored through,
uh, through the different drugs that we've, um,
talked about on this podcast in general,
Joe Rogan loves to talk about DMT and all those kinds of [inaudible] drugs,
all of it, including love and fear,
all of those things that could be aliens,
communicate with us memes on the internet.
That could be pretty sure humor is alien communication. Now, I don't know,
but, uh,
is there some way that's helpful for you to think about beyond the little green
men.
Really? And, um, it occurs exactly with how I think actually. Um,
so I'll explain. Um,
I liked in American cosmic,
I attained the status of full professor. So I was like, okay,
I can pretty much write this book. Like I want to do it. And I did.
So I use a lot of quotes from cool artists, like David Bowie. Okay.
So David Bowie opens the book. Okay. And he basically says,
and so doesn't eat you by the way, David Bowie and Nicha boom, two, two,
awesome quotes write together. That's how I opened my bar.
Opener. Yeah. Yeah.
Of course. So the first,
the quote by David Bowie and that's what I'm going to concentrate on in response
to what you just said, which I think is absolutely correct. Um,
David Bowie said the internet is alien life form. Okay.
And if you've not seen David Bowie's interview where he says that I highly
recommend it. He's so brilliant. Okay.
So David Bowie is actually quite brilliant about the idea of UFO's.
He's also brilliant about the idea of technology. Okay.
And most people wouldn't think that, but I mean, he's pretty darn smart. Okay.
So, all right. So I started to think about it. And, uh,
I also early on in my research met jock valet. Okay. So he's a technologist. Uh,
he has a PhD in information technology from a computer science,
basically from Northwestern. And he got that back in the day. You know,
when I say back in the day, I'm not talking 2000 years ago,
I'm talking like in the sixties. Okay. So he's computer science. Wasn't really,
even, it wasn't even,
he has a PhD in it and he's French, he's from France,
but he lives in Silicon Valley and he worked on ARPANET,
which is the prodo internet. He mapped Mars. He's also an astronomer. I mean,
he's just this all around brilliant guy. Right.
And he's also interested in UFO's and most people take those two interests of
his, a separate interests.
And I remember being at a very small conference and listening to him, uh,
being an off course because he's an odd spiring person. And then thinking,
wait a minute, why do people to compartmentalize those two things about him?
They're one in the same. Okay. So when we talk about UFO's and UAPs and stuff,
we have to talk about digital technology and things like that. Now,
if we're going back to what I, so if I were to say,
what if I were to believe in, and I, like I said earlier, I was agnostic,
borderline unbelief, most likely believer in these,
this extra terrestrial or not extraterrestrial, let me put it another way.
Non-human intelligence, that's communicating with us.
I'm going to tell you how I think they communicate with us.
And I go back to the Greeks again. Okay.
And the Greeks had this idea of muses, you know, the muses. So, okay.
So there are these things called muses and we tend to think of them as
metaphors. Right. But what if they're not,
what if they're actually non-human intelligence trying to communicate with us,
but we're so stupid. We can't like understand like, so only people with like,
you know, super amazing, um, capacities,
like poetic, creative, you know, intelligent, mathematical, whatever,
you know, cause they tend to do this symbolically.
They tend to communicate with us in symbols form. And so music, you know,
symbols, we've got math that are, you know, it's a symbolic language.
And so what, so, okay.
So muses are probably a good idea for me of what this would
be now would muses have spaceships, you know,
or those things that we call physical counterparts to what they are.
Um, that's another question altogether.